README.md, before:

# start ☕

A new tab startpage or home page. Shows local and UTC time, day of the week and date, and features search (via [Startpage](https://www.startpage.com/)) and bookmarks you can version control.

There are three themes that change throughout the day.

![Morning time](./img/morning.png)

![Day time](./img/day.png)

![Night time](./img/night.png)

There's a bonus theme if you stay up long enough.

## Usage

Fork this repo, change the links to your preferred sites if you like, and [set your GitHub Pages source](https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site).

In your web browser, set the URL for new tab pages to your new start page, hosted by GitHub Pages. ✨

- [Set home page in Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-to-set-the-home-page) and [override new tab pages](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/new-tab-override/)
- [Set homepage or startup page](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95314) and [override new tab page](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-tab-redirect/icpgjfneehieebagbmdbhnlpiopdcmna/) in Chrome
- [Change your homepage in Safari on Mac](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/change-your-homepage-ibrw1020/mac)

You can also keep the page local by setting the URL to the filepath of `index.html` on your machine.

Commit message:

Update themes and add weather

README.md, after:

# start

A start page. Shows local and UTC time, day of the week and date, and features search (via [Startpage](https://www.startpage.com/)) and the weather (via [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/)).

![London in the afternoon](preview.png)

## Usage

Fork this repo.

If you want to publicly host your page using GitHub Pages, [set your GitHub Pages source](https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site).

In `index.js`, add your [City ID](https://openweathermap.org/current#cityid) and [OpenWeather API key](https://openweathermap.org/price#current) on lines 1 and 2.

In your web browser, set the URL for new tab pages to your new start page, either hosted by GitHub Pages or to the local filepath of `index.html` on your machine.

- [Set home page in Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-to-set-the-home-page) and [override new tab pages](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/new-tab-override/)
- [Set homepage or startup page](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95314) and [override new tab page](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-tab-redirect/icpgjfneehieebagbmdbhnlpiopdcmna/) in Chrome
- [Change your homepage in Safari on Mac](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/change-your-homepage-ibrw1020/mac)
